Good morning, family.
I'm excited to be with you all today.
I have another cool prophetic visitation, vision, dream, or whatever you want to call it, from someone who sent it to me: Mina Jones.
I'm excited about this one.
This is actually about the Rapture and us transforming into our glorified bodies and being swept away by the Lord Jesus.
I'm excited about it; I love stuff like this.
I just want to encourage you all: Jesus is coming.
Jesus is coming, and He's coming sooner than people realize.
I'm excited about the revival that I believe is going to be short-lived.
It won't be a long, drawn-out end-time move, but I believe it will be a major harvest of souls that will be a quick thing.
The wave will hit just like any wave; a wave does not linger, it just comes right in, washes on the shore, and pulls back.
I believe we're going to see one last major push for souls right before the catching away of the church.
I really do believe we're going to see this with healings, signs, wonders, and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory of the Lord upon this earth through the remnant.
I believe it could happen this summer.
If it starts in May, June, or July, we could be out of here by October.
I really truly believe that's the kind of window we would have—a six-month window, maybe—and then boom, we're caught up and taken away.
Like I said, we're probably going to be here longer, but I'm just saying that's how fast I believe Jesus could come.
Be watching and waiting; the signs of the times show things happening at a rapid pace every day.
I'm going to let my wife read this to you all, and I hope it blesses you.
Hi, good morning everybody.
I'm going to be reading this that was sent to us, so we'll just get right into it.
'I want to share with you what the Lord allowed me to see regarding the Rapture, harpazo, Greek: to seize upon, to snatch away, or to take to oneself, found three times in the New Testament: Acts, 2 Corinthians 12:2-4, 1 Thessalonians, and Revelation 12:5.
At first, I was allowed to experience the catching away.
I heard a loud sound; it was that of a trumpet, but more like a shofar.
I was looking up at the sky and remember seeing the clouds part as a glowing light broke through.
I began to ascend quickly.
I remember calling the name of the Lord over and over as it seemed I was picking up speed.
I saw others, but I couldn't see them clearly; it was like I saw white silhouettes of people being pulled up with me.
Perhaps this had to do with the transformation that takes place, mentioned by the Apostle Paul in 1 Corinthians.
It's so beautiful, I can't wait.
I then found myself in a place, a Great Hall full of people.
There was a quiet hum of chatter, and somehow peace radiated from it.
It was the voices of the people greeting one another with joy.
I looked through the endless crowd and noticed that to my right there was a more dense crowd, as if they were surrounding someone.
My attention was drawn towards them.
As my focus became directed at them, the crowd began to disperse.
They made a pathway of sorts, almost like they read the curiosity of my mind to know who they were gathered around.
As the path cleared, there He stood: Yeshua, dressed in a beautiful floor-length white robe that seemed to shimmer with light.
He had a gold crown upon His head and a gold sash tied around His waist.
He was absolutely stunning and beautiful.
We made eye contact, but I chose not to approach Him.
I've often said to the Lord that if I made it home—if I had done enough to please Him in this life that He saw fit to allow me to return to Him—all I wanted was to just be able to make eye contact with Him, and the only thing I wanted in return was a smile.
That's all I needed.
It would be our way of communicating, our way of simply saying, "I made it.
" Yeshua looked at me with those piercing eyes, smiled, and nodded in greeting.
' Oh, that's beautiful.
'I was allowed to see a glimpse of the aftermath of the Rapture here on Earth.
I saw an unknown highway here in the United States.
There were wrecked vehicles piled up everywhere, and some were on fire.
I was given the understanding that the mass accidents were not so much because too many people had disappeared, but because a person in this car or that truck, even a public bus driver, had been taken, so it caused a chain reaction.
The strange thing revealed to me was that no one died; no one was allowed to die that day, as if placed as a testament to what had taken place.
I then saw scientists and governments come together to try to explain the phenomenon.
They came up with the conclusion that it was an alien invasion.
Announcements were broadcast across television, cell phones, and the internet that we now knew the answer to the long-awaited question of whether or not we were alone.
I was made aware that there was previously another type of plague/pandemic that had rolled out after COVID.
' Pause.
So, from what I'm understanding, this happens prior to the Rapture.
There's another plague, and they are already planning all this.
There's another pandemic, another thing I've warned you all is about to take place that the Lord keeps telling me about.
They're already explaining away what's happening.
I found that fascinating; it stood out to me.
Go ahead, sorry to interrupt, I just have to interject sometimes.
'They came up with the conclusion that this was an alien invasion.
Announcements were broadcast across television, cell phones, and the internet that we now knew the answer to whether or not we were alone.
I was made aware that there was previously another type of plague/pandemic that had rolled out after COVID.
The pressure to get vaccinated and tracked had spread worldwide.
The leaders used what had transpired as a bridge to introduce a new biometric system that would count and track the people.
I heard leaders say that just as it was important during the pandemic that people worked together, it was even more so now, and that it was important to get the biometric ID so that they could keep track of everyone so that no one else could disappear.
It became a worldwide mandate, and no citizen was allowed to function in society without it.
In another scene, I was looking through a small window outside.
I saw complete chaos.
Everything was moving at rapid speed, as if someone had pressed the fast-forward button on a movie.
I saw people in great distress: famine, disease, and much death.
I saw meteor showers, fire falling upon the earth, massive earthquakes, and worldwide droughts.
I saw military tanks and soldiers from many nations marching to war.
Finally, I saw the sky part and the Lord of Hosts with tens of thousands of His elite returning to Earth.
I saw His foot touch down on the Mount of Olives, and as the ball of His foot touched the earth, a light blasted from Him and split the ground in two.
The window then closed.
The message that the Lord wants me to give to the church is that He is coming, and too many of us are still not ready.
Many will be left behind simply because they did not search His word for the truth that He will call His bride from the earth.
There are too many who are distracted with recycled Earthbound prophecies from those who are seeking their kingdom in this life instead of the next.
Too many are caught up in irrelevant things, debates, and arguments that they have deemed relevant yet do not bring in the harvest.
The Lord said that the majority of those who are shouting "revival," their hearts are dark, and most don't even hear His voice.
The Lord said that a time of famine is upon the land—a famine for the word of the Lord.
This is a season of quiet.
The storm is already upon us, and warnings have already gone forth, so don't find yourself caught up in searching for the prophetic in people; what you will mostly find is that which is false.
Seek Him, repent of the wickedness of your heart, and turn to Him, and He will set you free.
The Lord said many are still battling with bitterness, unforgiveness, fear, perversion, and pride.
Seek Him while you can still find Him, for the door is closing.
As with all things, take this to prayer for confirmation.
' That says it all.
It's so exciting that Jesus is coming.
Whenever she talked about the plague and how they usher in the biometric mark system to track everybody—they'll really introduce it when we are out of here.
That's how they bring it on.
When I was trying to warn you about the Antichrist, and he stood at that table in Germany, in Berlin, and he was talking to all the world leaders—he's the one that came up with the plan.
I know she talks about the scientists and people like that trying to explain it away, but he came on TV.
Maybe we all see pieces.
I don't see it all; I didn't see a lot of things about it, but she saw some things, and I see some things.
I told you all about the other man that saw the angel coming, and that Mystery Babylon was New York City, and things were taking place with Mystery Babylon.
That's what the Lord showed me, and she even talks about Mystery Babylon being New York.
There's a lot of confirmation through God's people warning us of what's coming.
All I know is I want to be out on the first load.
Jesus is coming.
I believe with all my heart we will have a Rapture of the church, a great harpazo, the catching away.
I'm on that first load, and we will have the greatest feast of all time at the Marriage Supper of the Lamb.
I've told you about it in videos below—the great feast that's about to take place, the lights, everything decorated so beautifully, the parade they're going to have for us, and the family members waiting for us to come home.
I just want to encourage you all: it's not all doom and gloom.
Yes, there are some bad days ahead, but as it's getting darker, the light's going to get brighter inside of us.
Jesus lives on the inside of you and me.
I want to encourage you today that Jesus is coming soon.
I know there's a lot of people who say, 'Oh, roll up your rugs, it's not for a long time away,' but I'm telling you they're wrong.
I believe with all my heart Jesus is coming sooner than people realize, and it's going to catch you off guard.
It's going to shake everybody.
I just wanted to come on here and encourage you, get you excited.
I believe we will see this plague.
I believe we will see a revival.
I believe we will walk in those suits of white—that glory on us—and we will touch people and they will be healed by the power of God.
I'm always looking for Him to come quickly.
We may have a couple years left, or five or six, but I'm telling you I have an urgency inside to be prepared.
No man knows the day or the hour, but I'm telling you to be watching carefully and be looking for Him with your oil lamps full.
That means being filled with the Spirit, seeking Him daily, not just one day a week on Sunday.
Let's pray.
Father, I thank You for every single person watching this video.
If they don't know You, I pray they would know You.
If you don't know Him, say this prayer with me: 'Father, forgive me of my sins.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Father, I make You my Lord and my Savior today.
I want You to come and abide in me, live in me.
Be my friend, be my Savior.
Wash me in Your blood, cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Today is a new start, and Father, I thank You that You forgive me and that You've accepted me as Your son or daughter.
I thank You, Lord, and I give You all the praise, glory, and honor.
' It doesn't have to be something hard; just turn right there.
'Jesus, I accept You.
' I know You died for me.
We make it hard—we think we have to do all this stuff—but no.
'Father, forgive me.
' Look at the thief on the cross; he just said, 'Remember me.
' He only said a little bit, and Jesus said, 'Today you'll be with me in Paradise.
' 'Remember me when You go into Your kingdom, Lord.
' It wasn't a big, long, scripted prayer.
It was just something like that, and He said, 'Today you'll be with me, buddy.
' I want to encourage you, we don't have to make things hard; it's about grace—something we can't earn and don't deserve.
The Lord paid the price for you.
So Father, I pray healing over their bodies and minds.
I call deliverance over them.
I thank You that they have a blessed day; they're blessed coming in and going out.
Good days are ahead of them.
Father, I pray shalom, shalom—peace that passes all understanding—over every single person on this YouTube channel watching me today.
I pray blessing, increase, multiplication, and favor over them to be a blessing to those around us.
Let us be the salt of the earth.
We are Christians, sold out to Jesus.
I thank You, Father, for washing us in Your blood.
I plead the blood of Jesus over our minds and emotions today, that we have the mind of Christ.
As 2 Timothy 1:7 says, 'God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind.
' I thank You for it today, Lord.
We pray healing, wholeness, and wellness over them, and deliverance over their marriages, children, and addictions of all kinds.
We thank You, Lord, that they're ready for Your return and are looking up, for redemption draws nigh.
In Jesus' name, we give You all the praise and glory.
Amen and amen.
Well, if this blessed you today, please click that notification bell and subscribe.
If you could like our videos and comment below, tell us what you liked about it.
We're excited to have this YouTube channel and hope it blessed you.
Come back to see us again.
We'll put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
We will see you all next time.
God bless you all and have a wonderful day.
Bye-bye.